# DrawingMachine-Computer-Lite
A light Python script that prints pictures to an Arduino running the DrawingMachine-Arduino program.

## Usage
### Linux with Python
Type <code>python printer.py path_to_CSV_file.csv</code> in any Python-enabled Linux machine.  If it comes up with an error message saying "no module named serial", just install it with <code>sudo pip install serial</code>.
### OSX or Windows
If you don't have python already (i.e. python --version throws an error), download and install it.  Install the serial library with 
<code>sudo pip install serial</code>.  One more thing before you're ready to go.  On the 12th line, the Serial interface requires a reference to a USB port to open it.  For example, if you have a Windows machine, that reference is COM3, COM4, or any COM port, so replace <code>/dev/ttyACM{0}</code> with <code>COM{0}</code> so the whole line is <code>ser = serial.Serial('<b>COM{0}</b>'.format(i), 38400)</code>

## Notes
This program was developed on the original Raspberry Pi model B, but it should work on any newer Pi or any computer running a Linux distro.

You will need a physical connection (via USB) to an Arduino.  Not sure yet about the Arduino Yun :/  If using an Arduino-powered polargraph-type machine, use the code I wrote at https://github.com/ThePowerRule/DrawingMachine-Arduino.

This Python script opens CSV files generated by the [DrawingMachine-Computer](https://github.com/ThePowerRule/DrawingMachine-Computer) program, but you can easily make your own, or you can write your own programs to generate these files.  Here are the criteria:

1. At the start of the file are two numbers separated by commas (obviously since it's a Comma Separated Values file).  This first line contains the width and the height of the image, respectively.
2. All of the following lines represent points between (0,0) and (width,height) with Cartesian coordinates, so the syntax is <i>x,y</i>
3. Comments are not supported yet, sorry :(
